Whoa, wait...
Oh, my god... Ohmigod!
Th-This is one of my favorites, too.
This is super cute!
You're literally an angel!
Juju-sama, I just can't with you!
You took all these photos, right, Shinju-chan?
Yes... You're seriously amazing.
I love the photos you take, Shinju-chan.
Th-Thank you... I just asked her to take my photos,
but she's the one who created my account and came up with my cosplay name.
Huh... Why is that?
Well...
My sister won't show anyone her photos.
I just wanted someone to see these cute pictures of my sister,
so I asked her if it was okay to make an account.
And then she got so many likes.
Home Explore Notifications Messages Bookmarks Lists Profile More
Tweet Tweet Juju #Cosplay
This is my first tweet. Here are top 4 photos out of all of the ones I took.
6:14 PM Jun 1 3 Retweets 1 Quote Tweet 15 Likes
Keyword Search Relevant Accounts
Juju Cosplayer Magical Girls / Little Girl Anime "Flower Princess Blaze!!" "Shion Nikaido"
What's happening?
News Today The Kanto Region enters the rainy season 1 week earlier than usual
#ThisBroughtEveryoneToTears No Holidays
Japanese Trends #I'mAddictedTo___Test Message Tweet
Thread Juju I tried being a mermaid. #Cosplay
Relevant Accounts
Add a comment                     Post
Ai-chan's Dreamy Restaurant Cosplay #cosupure #cosplay #DreamyRestaurant
So cute!!
I love it Dreamy Restaurant is the best!
Queen of realism!
Liked by f_art1998 and 265 others
So many people complimented my sister!
Post Likes: obaba33, and others
But, I didn't know how to reply to all of these strangers...
So I ended up ignoring all of them.
That's why you didn't interact with anyone, huh?
Yes... I'm just cosplaying for myself.
I don't care what other people think.
But, but... You've got so many followers now!
Everyone thinks you're so cute.
It made me really happy.
Shinju-chan.
Yes?
You must really love Juju-sama!
Yes!
I love her so much!
Juju-sama looks super happy.
O-Oh, shut up.
Episode 8
Backlighting Is the Best
We're borrowing our father's DSLR for our camera.
It looks so cool!
Is your dad a professional photographer?
No, photography is just his hobby.
So mature!
This camera is great because you don't have to change the lens!
Do you usually switch out lenses?
You can change them to fit your preferences.
Fisheye Lens Normal Lens Telephoto Lens
If you change out the lens,
you get different results, even when taking the same photo. It's a lot of fun!
Question.
Uh, yes? G-Gojo-san...
Is there a big difference compared to shooting with a smartphone?
Yes.
The camera gives you a higher resolution and there's so much more you can do.
For example, if you take a photo with flowers in the background...
You can blur the background to make the cosplayer stand out more.
Or you can blur the foreground and make the whole photo look soft.
If you play with the shutter speed,
you can take a photo with falling petals without them being blurry.
That's amazing!
Aw, man... That sounds like so much fun.
Yes!
Whenever a picture turns out how I want,
or I coincidentally get a great expression,
it makes me so happy.
It makes me want to become better so I can take even better photos.
Plus, you're taking pics of the Juju-sama!
You must be hyped!
Yes.
By the way, you don't cosplay, Shinju-chan?
Doesn't seeing so many cosplayers make you want to try it?
And you're like, "They're so cute! That seems super fun!"
"So maybe I'll try it, too," yeah?
Me...?
Did you want to cosplay, too?
No...
Not at all.
It doesn't make me want to do it.
I just like taking pictures of my sister.
I'm not going to cosplay...
Oh, I see.
Yes.
Hey, Shinju-chan. Can I touch your camera?
Sure.
Cameras are so cool!
I wanna take a photo with a neat background bokeh effect!
I'm totally saving up so I can buy one.
How much do DSLRs cost?
Tsaica camera shop (All 5 Shops)
Oh, here we go.
Huh?
camera shop (All 5 Shops)
Huh?!
Monochrome (All 7 Shops)
(All 7 Shops)
(Lens Sold Separately)
Lens sold separately?!
Dude, you're so loud!
If you add a tripod, flash, and the rest of the equipment, it costs even more.
10,000 Yen
Your mind's totally blown, Gojo-kun.
I can't believe the cameras everyone had at the other day's event were so expensive...
Crazy, am I right?
Well, I guess we'll just have to keep using our smartphones until I save up.
Ah...
Kitagawa-san's not even hesitating on buying one.
There are all kinds of cameras, so make sure you buy one that's in your budget.
By the way, we're going to scout for shooting locations,
Thank you very much.
but do you two want to come along?
It's the first time I'm renting a studio,
so I figured I should check out my options first.
Yeah, totally! I definitely wanna go!
I'm in!
I'd love to come along, as well.
Okay, then let's meet up at Shim-Misato Station this weekend.
Okay!
The place we're going...
is a studio studio set up in an abandoned hospital.
I never knew there were studios like this.
This is totally my first time at an abandoned building.
Mine, too!
I was so excited for today...
I could barely fall asleep last night!
Whoa, holy crap! This place rules!
Oh, so it's this kind of place... You know...
Dude, this place is way gloomier than I thought it'd be!
This is perfect for the abandoned hospital where Black Lily runs
after she's defeated by Princess Daisy's straight right.
Yeah.
Mumble Mumble Mumble Mumble Mumble
It's a depressing development,
but I really like the scene where Shion starts to question herself.
More importantly, I guess you really did watch the whole thing.
Gojo-kun!
We're gonna take a look upstairs!
All right.
Let's go, Shinju-chan!
Yes!
It has a certain atmosphere, doesn't it?
Is something wrong?
N-No...
Inui-san, could it be...
Do places like this make you uncomfortable?
Th-That's not true at all.
Wh-What are you talking about?
Come on! Let's go!
Ah, so I was right...
Hm... I mean, it's decent...
Isn't it a bit too dark, though?
We have a flash, so we'll be fine.
You're, like, invincible!
Flashes and reflectors can be used for outdoor shoots, too,
so they're great to have.
Even if it's sunny outside?
Yes!
When it's nice outside, it's hard to keep your eyes open because it's too bright,
so you make it your backlighting.
Your skin will look nicer, too.
But then, your face gets darker... Aha!
So then you use the reflectors to brighten up your face!
Yes!
It makes wigs shine and improves your complexion, too.
That's super amazing! I'll pass that along to Gojo-kun, too!
Backlighting is the best.
X-Ray Room Looks like it's gonna rain.
Yes...
Man, I'd love to do a shoot somewhere we can get some awesome pics.
Actually, where do you guys go to take outdoor pics?
Our yard...
It's really coming down...
Are you all right?
Inui-san?
I-I-I'm fine. I'm just a little tired.
Yeah, she's not fine at all.
Do you want to wait at the entrance?
No!
I'm going to cosplay Black Lily.
I have to properly see what this place looks like...
or I won't be able to get good pictures.
I can go look for you, so please wait at the entrance.
Hey! I'll do this myself!
But you're pushing yourself, aren't you?
Is there a reason?
Do you...
have any dreams for the future?
Yes.
To become a hina doll kashirashi.
A job where you make the dolls' faces.
That's a lovely dream.
You'd better make sure it comes true.
In my case...
I wanted to become a magical girl.
They're just so strong, dazzling, and cool,
while wearing cute, frilly, little outfits.
I looked up to magical girls so much when I was little.
I was obsessed.
I seriously wanted to become one when I got older.
But once you get into elementary school, you figure it out.
Flower Princess Blaze!!
It's all make-believe.
And no matter how much I worked as hard like a magical girl, or prayed...
I knew my dream would never come true.
But then, when I was in middle school...
I found out you could buy the outfits.
I didn't have any prior knowledge, so I didn't even know how to style the wig.
I didn't have any makeup on, and the outfit was too big for me.
My first cosplay was just awful...
But still... I was so, so happy.
Even if I have to push myself, even if it's all make believe...
I want to make my own dream come true.
Inui-san.
What?
Why did you ask me to make such an important outfit for you?
There are so many people better than me.
You should ask someone else.
Why did you choose me?
When I saw Marin Kitagawa's photos...
I was jealous.
I know how pathetic being jealous is...
But I was so horribly envious, I didn't know what to do.
I thought, "I also want to wear an outfit made by this person."
It had to be them.
You're right. There are plenty of people who can make outfits.
But...
I'm sorry.
I can't explain this very well.
It's not exactly logical.
I think the best way to describe it is...
Seeing the outfit you made was love at first sight.
To be honest, I'm surprised at myself for being jealous.
But jealousy's something you feel about things that matter.
Ain't they beauties?
Your ol' gramps and his friends made these hina dolls.
Ain't that amazing?
Uh-huh. Wow...
They're so pretty.
She's the most beautiful thing in the world...
The most beautiful in the world, eh?
Out of all the doll shops out there,
we're doin' everything we can to get these beauties
to catch the eyes of customers, so they'll think these are the best there are.
So hearin' you say they're the best makes your Gramps really happy.
What does "catch the eyes" mean?
Hm... How do I put this?
Basically, we want people to experience love at first sight with 'em.
Me, too...
When I get older, I want to make hina dolls, too.
I want to be like you, Gramps.
With a little bit of practice, you'll be just like your Gramps.
Uh?!
Gramps... Uh, what? Wait, what?
Why the heck are you crying?!
What's your deal?
What?! What?! Wh-What the heck is going on?!
Say something, damn it!
Fank you sho much...
I just now... realized how happy Gramps was back then!
I never imagined it was something like this.
I promise... I absolutely promise that I'll do my best, so you'll...
Sajuna Inui, age seventeen.
Because she attends a private all-girls school,
this was the first time she had a boy around her age
hold her hand.
Inui-san?! What's wrong, Inui-san?!
Gojo-kun?
Dude, the thunder's crazy out there. You guys good?
Are you okay, Inui-san?!
Final Exams We're done!
Gojo-kun!
Let's go to the beach!
Like, right now!
Huh?
Swimming season hasn't started yet and there's no one around, so this is the best, am I right?
We've basically got the whole place to ourselves.
We're actually here...
Um... Did we come here today to take some photos?
During our location hunt, you said you wanted to try taking some backlit photos.
Somewhere to take Instagrammable pics.
Huh?
Nah, that's not it at all.
We're done with finals, right?
Right.
And it's July, right?
And it's summer, right?
"We headin' to the beach!"
That's all.
Doesn't going to the beach in your uniform just scream the power of youth?!
This is epic!
That's right... This is how Kitagawa-san is...
She's incredibly proactive...
Definitely eating from this place again.
Gojo-kun, could you give me some fries?
Sure...
French fries, French fries, yay!
Ahh... Huh?!
Wait...
Hey!
My burger!
That bird's still following us.
Should we go somewhere else to eat?
Nah, we came all the way here.
You wanna have bubble tea while looking at the ocean?
We even brought a mat with us.
We can figure out what to do if that bird steals our food again later.
All right.
Gojo-kun?
Please give up on the French fries!
Let's make a break for it!
We still have one more burger!
Oh, no. That was probably littering...
Let's go!
Bye-bye, Mr. Hambirdglar!
Here you go.
But that's yours, Gojo-kun. Are you sure?
Yes.
Thank you...
Mm.
It's super good.
Thank you.
I never knew whitebait was good on burgers.
I know, right?
Yo, this bubble tea is bomb.
Want a sip, Gojo-kun?
Huh?
No, that's all right.
Yeah?
The breeze feels so nice.
Yes.
All right, I'm going in.
Hang onto this for me.
Huh? Wait, you're going to swim?
'Course not! I'm just gonna soak my feet!
I decided this spur-of-the-moment, so I didn't bring a swimsuit, either!
Here I go!
It's so cold! It feels awesome!
What a free spirit...
Oh, man!
Dude! I caught some seaweed!
Do you see this stuff? It's hilarious!
Look, Gojo-kun, look!
Oh, I am... Gojo-kun, get in here, my dude!
It's like, the best thing ever!
Uh, okay!
Hurry, hurry!
One moment... please.
Whoa, a wave.
It really is cold.
Wow...
Um, my feet seem to be sinking into the sand?!
You're way too freaked out.
It's like you've never been to the beach.
Uh, it is... Huh?
Wait, really?
No way... Then again, I guess Saitama's pretty landlocked.
Er, that's not it, exactly.
Ever since I was little, the way I had fun was staring at hina dolls
and practicing how to draw the faces.
That's all I ever did, so I never thought of doing anything else.
As a result, there are a lot of places I've never been.
Gramps told me that I should observe a lot of things.
He was right.
This is nothing like what I've seen on TV or in photos.
The beach is very nice.
It's beautiful.
Then... we should go to all sorts of places together!
I-It's almost summer vacation, right?
I'll invite you everywhere!
So let's go... J-Just the two of us!
Are you sure?
I would love to!
That makes me really happy.
Y-You know... I'm getting a little thirsty...
I'm gonna have some more tea.
Okay.
I-I totally just blurted, "Just the two of us!"
Oh, my god! Oh my freakin' God! Ohmigod!
I'd be so embarrassed if he saw how red my face was! Like, I'd literally die!
Hold up.
This means I'm gonna see him all summer break.
Whoa, I literally can't... Holy crap.
Wow...
She wasn't joking.
He looks super amazing.
Uh, dude?!
Gojo-kun?!
My body... My whole body's covered in seaweed!
It's all slippery! And slimy!
Gojo-kun, are you okay?!
What the heck are you doing?!
I-I tried to go a bit further, and I slipped on some seaweed.
You're totally soaked!
Oh, no... How can I go home like this?
Oh, you'll dry off by then... I think!
Episode 9
Because There Was a Lot That I Saw in That Photo
Next time!